In the maintaining a secure critical infrastructure lesson,
you will evaluate specific security techniques used to
administer a system that meets industry standards and core controls.
In this lesson, we start with governance and compliance.
This is the high level planning and establishment of security rules.
I'll also talk about the different laws, regulations, standards,
and frameworks that provide oversight and direction for security programs.
The third area is about the NIST Cybersecurity Framework, or NIST CSF,
which is a leading source of directions for cybersecurity programs of any size or type.
The final area is the Center for Internet Security's Critical Security Controls.
Each of these topics provides requirements for maintaining
an organization security within its critical infrastructure.
By the end of this lesson,
you'll be able to explain cybersecurity governance concepts.
Apply methods to enforce cybersecurity governance.
Identify common security regulations and frameworks.
Explain how current security laws,
regulations, and standards apply to cyber security and data privacy.
Recognize components of the NIST Cybersecurity Framework.
Recognize components of the Center for Internet Security, Critical Security Controls